Items needed for the demo:
1. Wearable RFID reader
2. Wiring harness with 5 cables with RFID tags on each end
3. DB Box with sockets
4. Laptop to create a hotspot

Setting up Unity build environment on the laptop
1. Download and install Unity Hub
2. Install the latest version of the Unity Editor
3. Install the Android SDK packages in order to build for the Meta Quest 3
4. Download the project folder "xr-rfid" under the unity folder in the git repo "https://github.com/sonmaxsanjuro/xr-rfid"
5. Open the project in Unity
6. Open Project settings in the Edit Menu
7. Go to Player Settings. Under the advanced settings, set the HTTP access to always allow unsecured access. This is needed to bypass the HTTPS requirement of Unity.

Instructions for the demo:
1. The DB box is to be placed on its longer side on the work table facing the user.

2. On the laptop
	a. Remove the micro SD card from the RFID reader, and insert into a micro SD card reader connected to the laptop.
	b. Open the wpa_supplicant.conf file in the bootfs drive on the micro SD card.
	c. Change the region to US instead of IN. This is needed for the WiFi connection to function.
	d. Create hotspot on the laptop with ssid "xr-rfid", and password "123456789".
	e. Edit hotspot settings to ensure that the hotspot is never disabled even when no devices are connected to it.

3. On the wearable RFID device
	a. Power on the RFID device
	b. The green LED indicator on the RFID device will stop blinking and glow continuously. This means that the device has turn on.
	c. The device should have now connected to the "xr-rfid" hotspot. Check on the hotspot settings on the laptop.
	d. The RFID reader should show the hostname "raspberrypi.local" 


4. On the Meta Quest 3 head set
	a. Enable developer mode using the Horizon app (to be installed on the user phone)
	b. Connect to the "xr-rfid" hotspot created on the laptop.
	b. Wear the device and connect the Meta Quest 3 headset to the laptop using the USB Type-C cable provided with the Meta Quest 3.
	c. Enable USB debugging on the Meta Quest 3 when prompted.
	d. Open Build Profiles on the File menu on Unity.
	e. Change the Build target to Android.
	f. Click on Build and Run
	g. The app should be built and deployed on the Meta Quest 3 headset.
	h. Accept any prompts for enabling spatial access.
	i. Once the app opens, take a wire in such a way that the RFID tag is close to the RFID reader (red PCB).
	j. A bounding box should appear on the Meta Quest Passthrough screen prompting the user on where to insert the cable.
	k. Continue inserting the cables one by one.
	l. To exit the app, click on the Meta menu button on the controller, and chose to quit the app.
	m. The app can be opened again from the shortcut menu, or from the "Unknown sources" tab in the applications window.
	


